Add various geometry extraction features and update documentation (#4)
boutproject/xhermes: README.md

# xHermes

xHermes a wrapper around [xBOUT](https://github.com/boutproject/xBOUT) to provide [Hermes-3](https://github.com/bendudson/hermes-3) specific 
features. Both use [Xarray](https://docs.xarray.dev/en/stable/) which provides a scalable and powerful framework
for dealing with large amounts of data while preserving dimensional 
consistency.

While Xarray is based on Numpy arrays under the hood and the data 
can be accessed in this way, Xarray's main benefit comes in its
powerful abilities to select, filter and operate on data. The 
syntax is similar to Pandas and the basics are explained in 
Xarray's excellent documentation.
If you are new to Xarray, it may be useful to start with reviewing the [selection syntax](https://docs.xarray.dev/en/stable/user-guide/indexing.html).

## Loading simulations

The data from a Hermes-3 run can be loaded with just

    import xhermes
    ds = xhermes.open(hermes_simulation_path)

> where the `data` directory is assumed to contain the `BOUT.dmp.*.nc`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where the `hermes_simulation_path` directory is assumed to contain the `BOUT.dmp.*.nc`
```
